# oktoberfest2021
Hi I am Anand Tripathi I am a good boy I love playing with myself. Usually I use different toys but there are instances I use my "mushy hands" and i love it. 
Pokémon[a][1][2][3] (an abbreviation for Pocket Monsters[b] in Japan) is a Japanese media franchise managed by The Pokémon Company, a company founded by Nintendo, Game Freak, and Creatures. The franchise was created by Satoshi Tajiri in 1996,[4] and is centered on fictional creatures called "Pokémon". In Pokémon, humans, known as Pokémon Trainers, catch and train Pokémon to battle other Pokémon for sport. All media works within the franchise are set in the Pokémon universe. The English slogan for the franchise is "Gotta Catch ‘Em All!".[5][6] There are currently 900 Pokémon species.[7]

The franchise began as Pocket Monsters: Red and Green (later released outside of Japan as Pokémon Red and Blue), a pair of video games for the original Game Boy handheld system that were developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo in February 1996. It soon became a media mix franchise adapted into various different media.[8] Pokémon has since become the highest-grossing media franchise of all time. The video game series is the fourth best-selling video game franchise, behind Nintendo's own Mario franchise, Tetris and Call of Duty with more than 380 million copies sold[9] and one billion mobile downloads,[10] and it spawned an anime television series that has become the most successful video game adaptation[11] with over 20 seasons and 1,000 episodes in 183 countries.[9] In addition, the Pokémon franchise includes the world's top-selling toy brand,[12] the top-selling trading card game[13] with over 34.1 billion cards sold,[9] an anime film series, a live-action film (Detective Pikachu), books, manga comics, music, merchandise, and a temporary theme park. The franchise is also represented in other Nintendo media, such as the Super Smash Bros. series, where various Pokémon characters are playable.

In November 2005, 4Kids Entertainment, which had managed the non-game related licensing of Pokémon, announced that it had agreed not to renew the Pokémon representation agreement. The Pokémon Company International oversees all Pokémon licensing outside Asia.[14] In 2006, the franchise celebrated its tenth anniversary.[15] In 2016, the Pokémon Company celebrated Pokémon's 20th anniversary by airing an ad during Super Bowl 50 in January and re-releasing the first Pokémon video games 1996 Game Boy games Pokémon Red, Green (only in Japan), and Blue, and the 1998 Game Boy Color game Pokémon Yellow for the Nintendo 3DS on February 26, 2016.[16][17] The mobile augmented reality game Pokémon Go was released in July 2016.[18] The first live-action film in the franchise, Pokémon Detective Pikachu, based on the 2018 Nintendo 3DS spin-off game Detective Pikachu, was released in 2019.[19] The most recently released core series games, Pokémon Sword and Shield, that were released worldwide on the Nintendo Switch on November 15, 2019.

In celebration of its 25th anniversary in 2021, the upcoming core series games, Pokémon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl will be released on November 19, 2021, and Pokémon Legends: Arceus on January 28, 2022, both for the Nintendo Switch.[20] They are remakes and a "premake"[21] of the 2006 Nintendo DS games Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, respectively.


